Allow `cursor_column` in querying batch methods (#46696)
rails/rails: guides/source/active_record_querying.md

processing queue. You could have each worker handle 10000 records by setting the
appropriate `:start` and `:finish` options on each worker.

> **`:order_column`**

Author: Is ok to have these doc changes in this PR?

> **`:order_column`**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**`:cursor_column`**
```

> By default `find_each` sorts by the primary key but some tables could have a UUID as primary key which makes this
> method useless. Allowing passing `:sort_column` will allow your to order by a integer column.

Reviewer: Nit: suggestion for cleaning up the wording.

```suggestion
By default `find_each` sorts by the primary key, which might not always be appropriate (e.g. if your database uses UUID primary keys). `:cursor_column` can be passed to order the results by an integer column.
```

Reviewer: Also, question: does it need to be an integer column? Theoretically a string cursor (or some other data type) could be used, right?

Author: To be honest I'm not completely sure, I know the query uses comparison operators like `>` or `<` but after looking for info in postgresql documentation as example they say this:

> These comparison operators are available for all built-in data types that have a natural ordering, including numeric, string, and date/time types. In addition, arrays, composite types, and ranges can be compared if their component data types are comparable.

So I guess there is no need that the cursor column has to be an integer.

Author: I've changed a bit the wording, tell me what you think.

processing queue. You could have each worker handle 10000 records by setting the
appropriate `:start` and `:finish` options on each worker.

**`:cursor_column`**

> By default `find_each` sorts by the primary key, which might not always be appropriate (e.g. if your database uses UUID primary keys). `:cursor_column` can be passed to order the results by a column that its datatype has natural ordering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default `find_each` sorts by the primary key, which might not always be appropriate (e.g. if your database uses UUID primary keys). `:cursor_column` can be passed to order the results by a column whose datatype has natural ordering.
```

Reviewer: (Same comment for other docs)

end
```

> **`:order_column`**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**`:cursor_column`**
```

end
```

**`:cursor_column`**

By default `find_in_batches` sorts by the primary key, which might not always be appropriate (e.g. if your database uses UUID primary keys). `:cursor_column` can be passed to order the results by a column that its datatype has natural ordering.

```ruby

> Customer.find_in_batches(cursor_column: :version) do |customer|
>   NewsMailer.weekly(customer).deliver_now
> end

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Customer.find_in_batches(cursor_column: :version) do |customers|
  customers.each { |customer| NewsMailer.weekly(customer).deliver_now }
end
```
